# Feedback

This is design feedback provided on May 26, 2022.

Because of the focused nature of this application, it will
have to be rock-solid. I mean, really, really well
developed, with no bugs or errors. Make sure you perform
very, very good exception handling and properly report
errors to the user.

## APIs

Just some thoughts and confusions:

* Creating a date/meet up has each of the profiles as
  `string` data types. What goes in those properties?
* Your "create a review" interaction doesn't describe if you
  check if the person making the review and the person being
  reviewed have gone on a date/meet up from within the
  application... should that be a criterion?
* You have a "List of reviews" that includes a primary key.
  What's the primary key for?
* What's the **difference** between a user and a profile?
* What's the **connection** between a user and a profile?

## Data model

I think you may have the reference from Profile to Review
backwards. If you have the reference on the Profile, that
means there's only one Review made or for that Profile.
Perhaps you mean "reviews" on the profile and it being a
list of the reviews that they've either given or received?

Rather than having strings as "reviewee" and "reviewer",
I think it would be better to have references to the User
or Profile entities. That way, you know who they're for and
who wrote them.

Same questions here:

* What's the **difference** between a user and a profile?
* What's the **connection** between a user and a profile?

## GHI

I think you did a very good job on these. I can understand
the flow of a person's interaction with your application.

## Integrations

Do some research and find actual APIs on the Internet from
which you can pull these data sets. Then, once you've
identified them, add them to the integrations documentation.
